Collect RUM data and send it to logstash (#42393)
Automattic/wp-calypso: client/lib/performance-tracking/README.md

### Stop

#### Hook

A hook `usePerformanceTrackerStop`. This is custom hook uses `useEffect` to stop a performance tracking.

Example:
```jsx
function MyComponent() {
	usePerformanceTrackerStop();
	return (
		<div>Content</div>
	);
}
```

This hook will check the status of the feature flag `rum-tracking/logstash`. If disabled, it is a noop.

It will also get the current section name from the Redux store and use it as the `id` of the performance tracker report to stop.

This is the recommended approach when using function components and rendering that component *always* means the page is ready and you want to stop the tracking. If the component
can render different states (eg: loading vs main content), then you should use `<PerformanceTrackerStop/>` as part of the "main" state output.

#### Component

A component `PerformanceTrackerStop`. This is a wrapper around the above hook.

Example:
```jsx
function MyComponent( { isLoading } ) {
	if ( isLoading ) return <Loading/>;

	return (
		<>
			<div>Content</div>
			<PerformanceTrackerStop/>
		<>
	);
}
```

> Using this selectors is the recommended approach when the main component can render different states and we only want to stop the performance tracking in one of them.

Reviewer: Just a nitpick to clarify the language.

```suggestion
Using this component is the recommended approach when the parent component can render different states and we only want to stop the performance tracking in one of them.
```
